click event bullet point fix (#35458)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/element/click_event/index.md

An element receives a **`click`** event when any of the following occurs:

- A pointing-device button (such as a mouse's primary button) is both pressed and released while the pointer is located inside the element.
- A touch gesture is performed on the element.
- Any user interaction that is equivalent to a click occurs, such as pressing the <kbd>Space</kbd> key or <kbd>Enter</kbd> key while the element is focused.

> [!NOTE]

> > In practice, browsers don't fire the `click` event for custom controls such as a `<div>` with `tabindex="0"`. To check the reason behind this behavior, see this <a href="https://issues.chromium.org/issues/40776466">Chromium issue</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In practice, browsers don't fire the `click` event for custom controls such as a `<div>` with `tabindex="0"`. To check the reason behind this behavior, see this [Chromium issue](https://crbug.com/40776466).
```

Please, use Markdown

Reviewer 2: of course! missed this

> - a pointing-device button (such as a mouse's primary button) is both pressed and released while the pointer is located inside the element.
> - a touch gesture is performed on the element

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A pointing-device button (such as a mouse's primary button) is both pressed and released while the pointer is located inside the element.
- A touch gesture is performed on the element.
```

> - Any user interaction that is equivalent to a click, such as pressing the <kbd>Space</kbd> key or <kbd>Enter</kbd> key is pressed while the element is focused.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Any user interaction that is equivalent to a click occurs, such as pressing the <kbd>Space</kbd> key or <kbd>Enter</kbd> key while the element is focused.
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > In practice, browsers don't fire this event for non-native control elements (such as a `<div>` with `tabIndex="0"`). See <a href="https://issues.chromium.org/issues/40776466">Chromium issue</a> for the reason.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> In practice, browsers don't fire the `click` event for custom controls such as a `<div>` with `tabindex="0"`. To check the reason behind this behavior, see this <a href="https://issues.chromium.org/issues/40776466">Chromium issue</a>.
```
